This is a reading quiz for Chapter 3. Once you have read and
understood the chapter, you are ready to do the reading quiz.

As always, place your answers to the following questions in a file
called "answers.txt".

1.  Why should you draw a picture/diagram as you solve a problem?

    A.  Incorporating different avenues of processing brings more
        concentration. 
    B.  Creative problem solving can only be done visually.
    C.  Clear and precise pictures allow you to visualize the state of
        the problem 
        as you manipulate it.
    D.  Pictures slow down your thought process, allowing you to think
        more deeply. 

2.  What is a good rule of thumb for when to abstract code out into a
    separate function? 

    A.  When you encounter a step in your algorithm which cannot be
        directly and easily translated into one or two lines of code. 
    B.  When your code has exceeded 50 statements.
    C.  When the cyclomatic complexity of the code exceeds 100.
    D.  When you have declared more than 20 variables.

3.  What is "top down design"?

    A.  Developing the algorithm and then writing code.
    B.  Starting from the big picture of the code, and then developing
        test cases. 
    C.  Taking code given to you by your boss or technical lead, and
        making it work. 
    D.  Generating sub-problems to solve as you encounter complex
        steps in the higher-level problem.

4.  When is switch-case preferable to if-else?

    A.  When there are more than 3 possible choices.
    B.  When you are evaluating conditions on strings.
    C.  When making a decision based on many possible numeric values.
    D.  When you do not need to use any short-circuiting boolean
        operators. 

5.  What code construct is the most appropriate translation for
    algorithmic steps which call for updating the values of variables?  

    A.  Conditional statements
    B.  Loops
    C.  Return statements
    D.  Assignment statements

6.  What does the compiler do?

    A.  Determines if a program is bug-free or not.
    B.  Converts a program from human-readable source code to
        machine-readable instructions. 
    C.  Generates test cases to cover infrequent cases.
    D.  Ensures that results from running the program are replicable. 

7.  What is a function prototype?

    A.  A declaration which informs the compilers of the name, return
        type, and parameter types of a function which is defined
        elsewhere. 
    B.  An implementation of a function suitable for inclusion in a
        library. 
    C.  A function which is used by many different programs.
    D.  A part of the preprocessor which handles #define directives.

8.  Which part of the compiler combines object files, libraries, and
    startup code to make an executable binary? 

    A.  preprocessor
    B.  parser
    C.  assembler
    D.  linker

9.  What is in an object file?

    A.  The source code in an object-oriented programming language.
    B.  Java Object Descriptors.
    C.  Machine-executable instructions.
    D.  A description of which objects are required to assemble the code.

10. If your code needs to make references to the largest value an
    integer can hold, why should you use INT_MAX rather than writing
    214783647? 

    A.  Portability
    B.  Reduce risk of mistakes
    C.  Readability
    D.  All of the above.
